okay I am running so late this morning I
just think there there's not enough
hours in the day um also do it when you
have my friend Chelsea got it for me
stay peachy I'm meeting someone cool for
lunch but I gotta go
I am so insanely late I guess I'm just
doing the booster board the whole way
there I was gonna like do the subway for
the majority of the community because I
don't want to be super hot when I get
there
but a long time so i'm mr.wording like
almost three miles this is gonna be my
longest boosted or four adventure yet
come on it's slow Euler device booster
Bob
here at Columbia Roasters it's in
delicious sweet green induce ourselves
into you guys
I am
some fun stuff yeah and later we're
gonna go on some skating adventures no
where's your cheat sheet yeah she has
like a real board she's a real
skateboarder guys I just had my boosted
it was on like expert mode
yes I haven't written a real skateboard
I don't think ever it was like smile
I need to get a real safe word
back 45 minutes
yeah and it goes it has like a six seven
mile range music hands--and are you just
gonna like
amazing
don't take you them
take your heart thank you
today
very noisy too
and editing editing still editing edit
editing it's a funny work editing still
editing no longer editing editing
editing ok you know you just like say a
word too many times and it just doesn't
sound like a real word anymore I did
being at every time I go down to lower
Manhattan I always talk about how
awesome Elora Manhattan is it's not that
I don't love where I live like I I live
in the health kitchen area so it's
actually very centrally located a lot of
cool places around and you know I found
my flow and it's like it's like my hood
but if you've ever been to New York
before or going you'll figure out that
it's just so crazy how different the
different neighborhoods are and so every
time I go somewhere different I'm just
like oh my gosh this place is so great -
it's time for another adventure my
friend Brandon powers you've seen him on
a vlog before on a saw me on snapchat
you know him as beep house Koontz he has
the he has an awesome scooter that's why
I hash tag beep house Koontz but anyway
he's a choreographer amazing dancer he
does a really good job of trying to like
what in the world of the digital sphere
and in the theater sphere you have some
type of performance down by Times Square
right now so I'm gonna go see what it's
all about
okay it's the man himself Brandon what
do we have going on today from the show
that I've been working on for a while
to your heart center
social media identity and
next our concern in relationships
audiences
must've wet hot and their headphones may
they can follow the dancers on their own
does this guy gonna dance I think he's
gonna dance guys is he gonna dance for
us dance for us
you don't even know Brandon handed out
the Flyers making the dance we're gonna
make big time Brandon's big time you
better watch out for Brandon my friends
there's so much
CBG my hands are free fight hey uh it's
me I had no idea oh this is fun
when in doubt keep creating cat yeah
that's like my freakin like life motto
every time there was like a ton of
pressure in my life to not do something
I just kept creating and when I push
through those barriers is when I have
found like the biggest breakthrough so
when life is fighting yeah